on brand copy tweak (#7247)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/sage_ai/generative_ai/ai_copywriting.md

2. Enter a product name or description in the input field.
3. Select an approximate output length. You can choose a specific channel for an output length based on channel-specific best practices or select between short (1 sentence), medium (2-3 sentences), or long (1 paragraph). 
4. Choose a message tone from the available options. This will determine the style of the copy generated.

> 5. (Optional) Available for push notifications: Select **Reference past campaign data** to use your previous mobile push messages (campaigns and canvas steps) as a stylistic example to use as a reference for generating new copy. The copywriting assistant will mimic the style of your previous messages.

Reviewer: @borisrev Minor feedback on wording, otherwise LGTM 🚀   

```suggestion
5. (Optional) Available for push notifications: Select **Reference past campaign data** to use your previous mobile push messages (campaigns and Canvas steps) as a stylistic reference for generating new copy. When selected, the output will mimic the style of your previous messages.
```
